Doctor Strange:  Seriously? You don't have any money?

Doctor Strange: I'll tell the guys at the deli. Maybe they'll make you a metaphysical ham on rye.

Doctor Strange: Dollars?

Doctor Strange: Which is?

Doctor Strange: What do you want?

Doctor Strange:  ... Who?

Doctor Strange: Tony Stark, I'm Doctor Stephen Strange. I need you to come with me. Oh, uh, congratulations on the wedding, by the way.

Doctor Strange: We need your help. Look, it's not overselling to say that the fate of the universe is at stake.

Doctor Strange: Space. Reality. Power. Soul. Mind. And Time.

Doctor Strange: He can destroy life on a scale hitherto undreamt of.

Doctor Strange: Are you seriously leaning on the Cauldron of the Cosmos?

Doctor Strange: No can do.

Doctor Strange: Stark Raving Hazelnuts.

Doctor Strange: A bit chalky.

Doctor Strange: Our oath to protect the Time Stone cannot change. This Stone may be the best chance we have against Thanos.

Doctor Strange: Well, if we don't do our jobs.

Doctor Strange: Protecting your reality, douchebag.

Doctor Strange: Who could find Vision, then?

Doctor Strange:  Oh, great.

Doctor Strange:  ... Not at the moment, no.

Doctor Strange: Might wanna use it.

Doctor Strange: Certainly not. I speak for myself. But you’re trespassing in this city and on this planet.

Doctor Strange: Dr. Banner, if the rest of your green friend won't be joining us...

Doctor Strange: It stays with me.

Doctor Strange: It's a simple spell but quite unbreakable.

Doctor Strange: You'll find... removing a dead man's spell... troublesome.

Doctor Strange: We've gotta turn this ship around.

Doctor Strange: No, I want to protect the stone.

Doctor Strange: For what? Nearly blasting me into space?

Doctor Strange: I seriously don't know how you fit your head into that helmet.

Doctor Strange: Unlike everyone else in your life, I don't work for you.

Doctor Strange: I'm sorry, I'm confused as to the relationship here. What is he, your ward?

Doctor Strange: Doctor Strange.

Doctor Strange:  Can we control it? Fly us home?  Stark?

Doctor Strange: Can you get us home?

Doctor Strange: Under no circumstance can we bring the Time Stone to Thanos. I don't think you quite understand what's at stake here.

Doctor Strange:  Alright , Stark. We go to him. But you have to understand... if it comes to saving you or the kid or the Time Stone... I will not hesitate to let either of you die. I can't, because the fate of the universe depends on it.

Doctor Strange: I think we're here.

Doctor Strange: Where is he now?

Doctor Strange:  I went forward in time to view alternate futures. To see all the possible outcomes of the coming conflict.

Doctor Strange: 14,000,605.

Doctor Strange:  Oh, yeah. You're much more of a Thanos.

Doctor Strange: You may regret that. He brought you face-to-face with the Master of the Mystic Arts.

Doctor Strange: Let me guess. Your home?

Doctor Strange: Genocide.

Doctor Strange:  Congratulations. You're a prophet.

Doctor Strange: Who wants to murder trillions.

Doctor Strange:  And then what?

Doctor Strange:  I think... you'll find... our wil...l equal to yours.

Doctor Strange:  No!

Doctor Strange: Stop!  Spare his life... and I will give you the stone.

Doctor Strange: We're in the endgame now.

Doctor Strange:  Tony, there was no other way.

